Add --version argument to cli (#37)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-buddy: README.md

  Usage: manticore-executor src/main.php [ARGUMENTS]

  Arguments are:

>   --listen             HTTP endpoint to send requestes to manticore
>   --help               display this help message
>   --version            display the current version of buddy
>   --disable-telemetry  disables telemetry for Buddy
>   --debug              enable debug mode for testing
>   Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --listen             HTTP endpoint to accept Manticore requests
  --help               display this help message
  --version            display the current version of Buddy
  --disable-telemetry  disables telemetry for Buddy
  --debug              enable debug mode for testing
  Examples:
```
